Mavaca/arduino review (#213)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/arduino/setting-up-the-pc.md

---
title: "Setting up the PC"
draft: false
hidden: false
weight: 1
---

## Getting to know the Arduino IDE

Download and install the Arduino IDE from:
* the Microsoft Store (quicker install) - https://www.microsoft.com/store/productId/9NBLGGH4RSD8

> * or from the Arduino website https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software (current version is 1.8.13)

Reviewer: I don't like that we mention the current version - it means we need to keep updating this. I would just say:

```suggestion
* or from the Arduino website https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software (pick the latest version)
```
